The Joe Rogan experience.
He, he performs like it doesn't exist. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like,
cancel culture. Doesn't exist. Kinda like the way Jack Johnson,
just kind of Jack Johnson. You ever see that documentary? Jack Johnson? Um,
mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. Well,
he just like lived his life as if racism didn't exist and people like didn't
even know what to make of themed. A lot of white chicks.
He did.
In their face during a time where like you get Lynch for that.
He was mm-hmm <affirmative> he almost seemed like he was taken from another era
and put into, he would talk while he was you up. He had gold tea,
had gold fronts. I mean, before hip hop, I mean, he like, he,
he almost looks like he was like time traveled. Yeah.
Well, you know, it's interesting. His nickname him was the Galveston giant,
you know, he was only like six feet tall or six foot one, I think.
I don't think he was even, he might have been 200 pounds. Yeah. You know,
like how pull up, how tall and how much did Jack Johnson weigh foot tall.
Six foot tall. Yeah. Galveston giant. A giant six foot. You're six foot tall,
right? Yeah. Yeah. How crazy is that? You're a giant people.
Had no food back then. Yeah. They didn't grow that big.
They didn't have any food.
Dude. This is how soft we are. People were tiny back then.
Like if you look at the average size of the civil war,
an average man was 130 pounds. Cause they didn't have any food. Yeah.
They must have looked like a Lincoln. Like holy, this guy's tall.
He was like six, two. Not that big. Yeah. I mean.
But Jack Johnson was guys got big.
Balls. Literally look at that package.
Sack. Huge. I'm sure. Yeah. <laugh> look at that right there. I mean,
you gotta think this is there's no steroids back then. Yeah.
There's just superior genetics and also just hardship.
Right. You know,
talk about KIB growing up in Dastan imagine being a black man as a
boxer, a back when they all wanted white men to be the champ, like, look,
look the size of him, man. Yeah. Shreded he was, shreded built like a,
like a modern elite athlete. Yeah. And this is, you know, what year was that.
Turn of the century?
What year was it? Jimmy? Does it say that he was a champ? Was.
It like 1908? I early, early turn of the century. Uh,
I started eating a little bit there. What can you do? Buster Douglas?
It happens in between fights. What? That right there. Yeah.
He looks like he had a couple cheeseburgers or whatever.
Well, what does it say here? Does it say there? It says, uh,
he was born in, he died in forty six, nineteen ten.
Was up to five of the century.
He was born in 1878. Wow. So it's probably the early,
early 19 hundreds. And but,
but they would get giant crowds and you barely could see anything. Yeah.
You know, and all guys had top hats. You ever see the, the crowds? Yeah.
They're wild. Yeah. Did he.
Lost over a hundred pounds to get into that fight? Yeah. What in 1910? Yeah.
He hadn't fought in six years and had to lose will over a hundred pounds to get
back into his championship. Fighting weight.
Really? Yeah. It was, yeah. He was probably just drinking and eating,
living like a killer. Oh, the guy he fought. Oh who'd you fight?
Was that Jeffries? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. James Jeffries. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
well that makes sense. Well, they,
they brought Jeffries in to try to beat him because Jeffries was the former
champion and.
He was a big kid too. Right. Jim Jeffries, like, uh, he's.
A big fellow. Yeah. But you know.
They were that's where the great white hope kind of probably originated.
They were trying to beat him.
Oh yeah. For sure. That's exactly where it came from. Yeah.
And then he was, he was about to win that fight and they cut the broadcast.
What's that there was a broadcast.
Back then. Yeah. They,
there was like the first televised boxing match and he was,
I forget who he was fighting.
Some white guy number five or six <laugh> they were putting up, well, this is a,
and before he knocked him out, they just cut the broadcast.
Cuz they didn't want the, the country to see.
It. They had broadcast back then.
It's towards the end. Yeah. I mean like, uh, yeah, that fight.
Huh? I.
Don't think it was that fight. It wasn't that fight.
I don't think they had TV. When did they have TV? When did TV?
What was the first television broadcast? I wanna say 1940.
When was the first let's let's figure out when the first television broadcast
was. Yeah. I mean his, I know that. Take a guess. One's the first.
Television B I'm gonna say like, uh, 1917 <laugh> 17, 19 17.
Hey, back in the day, people would talk like.
Yeah. Why did they talk like that? I don't yeah. Welcome to the fight.
Yeah. They, 20, 19 28 was the first broadcast. So one.
Of his fights was broadcast. Right.
I don't know, man. I, was it one in the stadium? It, I don't know.
I don't think they did. I don't think they did. I,
I wanna say if that was the case, it was like way late in his career.
They think like, even like when he lost, like lost later in his career,
they think he took a dive. Cuz there's a,
there's a video of it where it doesn't really looks like he's hurt.
He just kind lays down. Like they might have threatened him or you know,
he might have got a big payday to take a dive.
There's always a lot of speculation in boxing. Yeah. But guys taking dives,
especially the.
Mob was heavily involved in it. Oh.
Yeah. My God.
And you imagine the amount of money you could win betting on a white guy against
Jack Johnson. Yeah. A lot of money.
Yeah. A lot of it. One of his quotes, I remember like he was so wild.
I think he got a, he used to like drive a fast car. He made some money and.
And what was fast back then? 35. 35.
Miles an hour. Yeah. <laugh> like, wow. He,
uh, he got a ticket and the guy, he was like, Hey, don't gimme a ticket. Now.
He was like, cuz I'm gonna drive back. You gimme two tickets.
Well he, no, what it was is they gave him a ticket for $50. He has,
here's a hundred because I'm gonna be going the same speed the way back. Wow.
Yeah. <laugh> that's not given a, I mean he had no to give. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, what are you gonna.
Do guys like him almost like, uh, when you look at history you're like, um,
you know, is this sort of just a natural evolution?
Like no certain guys move history forward. Oh yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Certain human beings are so spectacular in their timeframe that it changes what
we expect.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.